DOC: More hints for building with ASAN (#2542)
uxlfoundation/scikit-learn-intelex: INSTALL.md

export CXX="icpx -fsanitize=address -g"
```

_Hint: the Cython module `daal4py` that gets built through `build_ext` does not do incremental compilation, so one might want to add `ccache` into the compiler call for development purposes - e.g. `CXX="ccache icx  -fsanitize=address -g"`._

> The ASan runtime used by ICX is the same as the one by Clang. It's possible to preload the ASan runtime for GNU if that's the system's default through e.g. `LD_PRELOAD=libasan.so` or similar, but to get the same ASan runtime as for oneDAL, one might need to specifically pass the paths from Clang if that's not the system's default compiler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ASan runtime used by ICX is the same as the one by Clang. It's possible to preload the ASan runtime for GNU if that's the system's default through e.g. `LD_PRELOAD=libasan.so` or similar. However, one might need to specifically pass the paths from Clang to get the same ASan runtime as for oneDAL if that is not the system's default compiler:
```
Just a small nitpick about it being a bit of a long sentence.
